Add gke-deploy catalog Task and Pipeline, with a PipelineRun example. (#126)
tektoncd/catalog: gke-deploy/build-push-gke-deploy-example.md

2. Clone the forked repo onto your local machine and cd into the directory.

  ```bash
  GITHUB_USER=[YOUR_USERNAME]
  git clone https://github.com/$GITHUB_USER/catalog
  # Use git clone git@github.com:$GITHUB_USER/catalog.git if you use two factor authentication
  cd catalog
  ```

3. Modify the manifests in the demo app to use a project you own for its image (this project may be in the same project as the one with the cluster that is running Tekton Pipelines).

  ```bash
  IMAGE_REGISTRY_PROJECT=[PROJECT_ID]
  sed -i "s/@IMAGE_REGISTRY_PROJECT@/$IMAGE_REGISTRY_PROJECT/g" gke-deploy/app/config/app.yaml
  ```

4. Commit and push your changes to a new branch.

  ```bash
  git checkout -b gke-deploy-demo
  git commit -a -m "Set gke-deploy demo image project name."
  git push
  ```

## Run Pipeline

1. Create the target cluster that gke-deploy will deploy your application to.

  ```bash
  DEPLOY_CLUSTER_NAME=[NAME]
  DEPLOY_CLUSTER_LOCATION=[REGION/ZONE]
  DEPLOY_CLUSTER_PROJECT=[PROJECT_ID]
  gcloud container clusters create $DEPLOY_CLUSTER_NAME --zone=$DEPLOY_CLUSTER_LOCATION --project=$DEPLOY_CLUSTER_PROJECT
  ```

> 2. Add the `roles/storage.admin` role to the Google service account set up above in the project of the image will be pushed to (this project may be in the same project as the one with the cluster that is running Tekton Pipelines). This will allow the Pipeline to push an image to your project, as defined [here](https://cloud.google.com/container-registry/docs/access-control).

Reviewer: Also, "...project may be in the same project..."
Do you mean just "...this may be the same project as..." ?

  ```bash
  IMAGE_REGISTRY_PROJECT=[PROJECT_ID]
  GOOGLE_SA_NAME=[GOOGLE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAME]
  TEKTON_CLUSTER_PROJECT=[PROJECT_ID]
  gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding $IMAGE_REGISTRY_PROJECT --role roles/storage.admin --member "serviceAccount:$GOOGLE_SA_NAME@$TEKTON_CLUSTER_PROJECT.iam.gserviceaccount.com" --project=$IMAGE_REGISTRY_PROJECT
  ```

> 3. Add the `roles/container.developer` role to the Google service account set up above in the project of the target cluster (this project may be in the same project as the one with the cluster that is running Tekton Pipelines). This will allow the Pipeline to deploy your application to your cluster.

Reviewer: Similar comment here ("project may be in the same project"

  ```bash
  DEPLOY_CLUSTER_PROJECT=[PROJECT_ID]
  GOOGLE_SA_NAME=[GOOGLE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAME]
  TEKTON_CLUSTER_PROJECT=[PROJECT_ID]
  gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding $DEPLOY_CLUSTER_PROJECT --role roles/container.developer --member "serviceAccount:$GOOGLE_SA_NAME@$TEKTON_CLUSTER_PROJECT.iam.gserviceaccount.com" --project=$DEPLOY_CLUSTER_PROJECT
  ```

4. Install the `build-push-gke-deploy` Pipeline.

  ```bash
  kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tektoncd/catalog/master/gke-deploy/build-push-gke-deploy.yaml
  ```

> 5. Create the PipelineRun config to run your Pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create the `PipelineRun` config to run your Pipeline.
```

  apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1alpha1
  kind: PipelineRun
  metadata:
    name: build-push-gke-deploy-run
  spec:
    pipelineRef:
      name: build-push-gke-deploy
    serviceAccountName: $K8S_SA_NAME
    resources:
    - name: source-repo
      resourceSpec:
        type: git
        params:
        - name: url
          value: https://github.com/$GITHUB_USER/catalog
        - name: revision
          value: gke-deploy-demo
    params:
    - name: pathToContext
      value: gke-deploy/app
    - name: pathToKubernetesConfigs
      value: gke-deploy/app/config
    - name: imageUrl
      value: gcr.io/$IMAGE_REGISTRY_PROJECT/gke-deploy-tekton-demo
    - name: imageTag
      value: 1.0.0
    - name: clusterName
      value: $DEPLOY_CLUSTER_NAME
    - name: clusterLocation
      value: $DEPLOY_CLUSTER_LOCATION
    - name: clusterProject
      value: $DEPLOY_CLUSTER_PROJECT
  EOF

  kubectl apply -f build-push-gke-deploy-run.yaml
  ```

6. Watch the logs.

  ```bash
  tkn pipelinerun logs build-push-gke-deploy-run --follow
  ```

  See other ways of logging your Tekton PipelineRun [here](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/master/docs/logs.md).

>   If your deployment is successful, `gke-deploy` will print a table displaying deployed reouces. You can visit the IP address printed the Service row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If your deployment is successful, `gke-deploy` will print a table displaying deployed resources. You can visit the IP address printed on the Service row.
```
